README.md, before:

## *Data Science: A First Introduction* worksheets

Jupyter notebook worksheets to accompany [*Data Science: A First Introduction*](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/) by Tiffany Timbers, Trevor Campbell and Melissa Lee

To use these worksheets, you can download this repository by clicking [here](https://github.com/UBC-DSCI/data-science-a-first-intro-worksheets/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) and follow our computer setup instructions [here](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/move-to-your-own-machine.html). We also recommend reading our [Combining code and text with Jupyter chapter](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/getting-started-with-jupyter.html) before starting out.

| Book chapter | Worksheet |
|--------------|-----------|
| [R and the tidyverse](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/intro.html) | [worksheet 1](worksheet_01/worksheet_01.ipynb) |
| [Reading in data locally and from the web](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/reading.html) | [worksheet 2](worksheet_02/worksheet_02.ipynb) |
| [Cleaning and wrangling data](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/wrangling.html) | [worksheet 3](worksheet_03/worksheet_03.ipynb) |
| [Effective data visualization](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/viz.html) | [worksheet 4](worksheet_04/worksheet_04.ipynb) |
| [Classification I: training & predicting](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/classification.html) | [worksheet 6](worksheet_06/worksheet_06.ipynb) |
| [Classification II: evaluation & tuning](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/classification2.html) | [worksheet 7](worksheet_07/worksheet_07.ipynb) |
| [Regression I: K-nearest neighbors](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/regression1.html) | [worksheet 8](worksheet_08/worksheet_08.ipynb) |
| [Regression II: linear regression](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/regression2.html) | [worksheet 9](worksheet_09/worksheet_09.ipynb) |
| [Clustering](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/clustering.html) | [worksheet 10](worksheet_10/worksheet_10.ipynb) |
| [Statistical inference](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/inference.html) | [worksheet 11](worksheet_11/worksheet_11.ipynb) |
| [Statistical inference](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/inference.html) | [worksheet 12](worksheet_12/worksheet_12.ipynb) |
| [Collaboration with version control](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/Getting-started-with-version-control.html) | [worksheet 5](worksheet_05/worksheet_05.ipynb) |

### Licence
[Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)

Commit message:

add binder button for worksheet1

README.md, after:

## *Data Science: A First Introduction* worksheets

Jupyter notebook worksheets to accompany [*Data Science: A First Introduction*](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/) by Tiffany Timbers, Trevor Campbell and Melissa Lee

To use these worksheets, you can download this repository by clicking [here](https://github.com/UBC-DSCI/data-science-a-first-intro-worksheets/archive/refs/heads/main.zip) and follow our computer setup instructions [here](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/move-to-your-own-machine.html). We also recommend reading our [Combining code and text with Jupyter chapter](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/getting-started-with-jupyter.html) before starting out.

| Book chapter | View worksheet | Launch worksheet on myBinder.org |
|--------------|-----------|----|
| [R and the tidyverse](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/intro.html) | [worksheet 1](worksheet_01/worksheet_01.ipynb) | [![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/UBC-DSCI/data-science-a-first-intro-worksheets/HEAD?labpath=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2FUBC-DSCI%2Fdata-science-a-first-intro-worksheets%2Fblob%2Fmain%2Fworksheet_01%2Fworksheet_01.ipynb) |
| [Reading in data locally and from the web](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/reading.html) | [worksheet 2](worksheet_02/worksheet_02.ipynb) |
| [Cleaning and wrangling data](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/wrangling.html) | [worksheet 3](worksheet_03/worksheet_03.ipynb) |
| [Effective data visualization](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/viz.html) | [worksheet 4](worksheet_04/worksheet_04.ipynb) |
| [Classification I: training & predicting](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/classification.html) | [worksheet 6](worksheet_06/worksheet_06.ipynb) |
| [Classification II: evaluation & tuning](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/classification2.html) | [worksheet 7](worksheet_07/worksheet_07.ipynb) |
| [Regression I: K-nearest neighbors](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/regression1.html) | [worksheet 8](worksheet_08/worksheet_08.ipynb) |
| [Regression II: linear regression](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/regression2.html) | [worksheet 9](worksheet_09/worksheet_09.ipynb) |
| [Clustering](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/clustering.html) | [worksheet 10](worksheet_10/worksheet_10.ipynb) |
| [Statistical inference](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/inference.html) | [worksheet 11](worksheet_11/worksheet_11.ipynb) |
| [Statistical inference](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/inference.html) | [worksheet 12](worksheet_12/worksheet_12.ipynb) |
| [Collaboration with version control](https://ubc-dsci.github.io/introduction-to-datascience/Getting-started-with-version-control.html) | [worksheet 5](worksheet_05/worksheet_05.ipynb) |

### Licence
[Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)
